queue_services/business-events-listener/README.md, before:


[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)


# Application Name

BC Registries Business events listener

## Technology Stack Used
* Python, Flask
* Postgres -  SQLAlchemy, psycopg2-binary & alembic
* NATS/STAN

## Third-Party Products/Libraries used and the the License they are covert by

## Project Status
As of 2018-02-22 in **ALPHA**

## Documnentation

GitHub Pages (https://guides.github.com/features/pages/) are a neat way to document you application/project.

## Security

Future - BCGov Keycloak

Current - JWT hack

## Files in this repository

```
docs/           - Project Documentation
└── images
└── icons

openshift/      - OpenShift-specific files
├── scripts     - helper scripts
└── templates   - application templates
```

## Deployment (Local Development)

* Developer Workstation Requirements/Setup
* Application Specific Setup

## Deployment (OpenShift)

See (openshift/Readme.md)

## Getting Help or Reporting an Issue

To report bugs/issues/feature requests, please file an [issue](../../issues).

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute, please see our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

    Copyright 2018 Province of British Columbia

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Typo fix for org_response.json.
8217 - Fix, should mask password.

Minor bug fix, disable sorting on Staff tables.

Activity Log changes.

Minor tweaks.

Fix 3/4 Code smells.

10602 - Documentation on business events listener.

Small field name fix.

Less strings, more models.

Minor tweak.

Minor tweak for linting.

Code complexity fix.

queue_services/business-events-listener/README.md, after:


[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](LICENSE)


# Application Name

BC Registries Business events listener

## Technology Stack Used
* Python, Flask
* Postgres -  SQLAlchemy, psycopg2-binary & alembic
* NATS/STAN

## Third-Party Products/Libraries used and the the License they are covert by

## Project Status
As of 2018-02-22 in **ALPHA**

## Documentation

The business-events-listener is used to create entities within sbc-auth and affiliate them to orgs (accounts).
It's a bridge between namerequest -> sbc-auth via queue, based on events.

## Security

Future - BCGov Keycloak

Current - JWT hack

## Files in this repository

```
docs/           - Project Documentation
└── images
└── icons

openshift/      - OpenShift-specific files
├── scripts     - helper scripts
└── templates   - application templates
```

## Deployment (Local Development)

* Developer Workstation Requirements/Setup
* Application Specific Setup

## Deployment (OpenShift)

See (openshift/Readme.md)

## Getting Help or Reporting an Issue

To report bugs/issues/feature requests, please file an [issue](../../issues).

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute, please see our [CONTRIBUTING](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## License

    Copyright 2018 Province of British Columbia

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
